Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
Let's wrap this up,
right?
We're down to here.
We have total sales equals application worksheet function.
Some range j j don't value.
So if I come over here,
this is going to give us the sum of all of our values here.
And you'll remember that these are some ifs,
this person's name here.
So here,
I'm going to hit F eight groups here.
I'm gonna hit F eight.
And now I have a total sales value of 78.
Fantastic.
Your percentage.
What percentage of these total number is £161.
So we're just going to say range J one divided by the total sales which have just captured
above.
Now,
that's going to give us the answer in a decimal.
So what we're going to need to do is multiply that by 100.
So here we have ranged J one divided by total sales in brackets multiplied by 100.
There,
we only want to return a whole number.
So we're gonna encapsulate that in brackets on in front of it.
We're going to say which is going to return an inter jester.
We just get the whole number on.
Then we want to tag on to the end.
Andi,
the percent sign on when I hit F eight,
we're gonna learn that 20% is what 1613 is off.
7847 Okay,
fantastic.
Now rep counts.
Now,
that is how many reps do we have here on what we're gonna uses the application worksheet
function Count A,
which I know you know,
from Excel on.
We're looking at range KK and we are subtracting one because we have sales person at the
bottom.
So actually,
we have seven interests,
but only six reps.
Okay,
so I rep count is six coming up to the end of it.
Now we have body text here.
This is where we build the string.
So we're gonna say dear range K one dot value.
So,
in this instance,
dear Sarah Bond comma VB New line VB new line and that gives us are heading.
So,
dear Sarah Bond comma two new lines.
Then we're gonna add the first paragraph.
So what we have is body text.
This plot equals body text on day,
we're gonna tag on the rest of it.
Congratulations.
You were the top performing sales person in your region.
Very straightforward.
So there we have deer,
her name,
two lines and congratulations.
You the top performing sales person?
No.
We're gonna add the second paragraph,
and I've done this so we can build it up in elements.
So begin mistake going to say,
Let me just have faith through that.
Okay?
So what we have here is of the space rap counts six.
So off the six space sales representatives in your region you delivered.
And here we have a pound sign on.
We have the integer value off J one.
So it's going to say 1613 and ignore the pet.
The pence space in profit.
That's space.
Your percentage,
which we calculated above space off the parents sign the total sales which we captured
above space.
Total profit delivered in your region for the month Exclamation point.
Vb new line VB new line.
Thank you.
On behalf of the C e.
O.
Now then on a second,
let me just hit at eight.
Then we're gonna delete this because we don't want it to be visible to the user So here we
delete that.
And there we come to the letter to whomever we're going to create an instance of wet.
We're going to create a new document within that word.
We're going to make it visible on them.
Right?
Our body text in here.
So I'm just gonna hit.
Play Andi,
actually forget that you'll see it.
They go,
Dear Ceremony,
Congratulations.
You were the tough performance else person in your region.
Of the six sales representatives which we built dynamically at run time,
you delivered £1613 which we captured dynamically at runtime in profits.
That's 20% which we also calculated from our base data of the 7804 £7 which we also
captured dynamically at runtime.
A total profit of the seventh of his agent report seven times total profit delivered it in
your region in the month.
Thank you.
On behalf of the C f o on that is how you do it.
Obviously you can.
You just gonna close that you can don't save you can build as complex a body message as you
want Now here I've built it in code be quite simply,
have another sheet over here in excel.
And instead of right in the body in code,
you could literally have a new sheet here.
And you could just write all of your text in your paragraphs and then just drop your
variables in there as you see fit.
Okay,
So,
as always,
you can get your code here.
That's how you automate word.
Have a lot of fun playing around with that.
Okay,
thanks very much indeed.